README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

[![Travis-CI Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/leslie-huang/stylest.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/leslie-huang/stylest)
[![Build
status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/384insyingv6jcg2?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/leslie-huang/stylest)

# stylest version 0.2.0

`stylest` estimates speaker style distinctiveness.

## Installation

Install `stylest` from CRAN by executing:

``` r
install.packages("stylest")
```

The dev version of `stylest` on GitHub may have additional features (and
bugs) and is not guaranteed to be stable. Power users may install it
with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
# devtools::install_github("leslie-huang/stylest")
```

See the
<a href="https://leslie-huang.github.io/stylest/articles/stylest-vignette.html">vignette</a>
for examples and usage.

## Authors

<a href="http://leslie-huang.github.io">Leslie Huang (maintainer)</a>

<a href="https://github.com/patperry">Patrick O. Perry</a>

<a href="https://github.com/ArthurSpirling/">Arthur Spirling</a>

## Bug reports

Please submit any bugs, error reports, etc. on
<a href="https://github.com/leslie-huang/stylest/issues">GitHub</a>.

Commit message:

Embeddings (#7)
* do not multiply rates by weights within model

* add weight for term distances outside of the log(eta)

* update term influence calculation with term weights

* fix bug

* skip weighting if no weights

* add updated docs

* add term weight options to select_vocab

* update for speed

* add more options for fill_weight

* add citation!

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

[![Travis-CI Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/leslie-huang/stylest.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/leslie-huang/stylest)
[![Build
status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/384insyingv6jcg2?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/leslie-huang/stylest)

# stylest version 0.2.0

`stylest` estimates speaker style distinctiveness.

## Installation

Install `stylest` from CRAN by executing:

``` r
install.packages("stylest")
```

The dev version of `stylest` on GitHub may have additional features (and
bugs) and is not guaranteed to be stable. Power users may install it
with:

``` r
# install.packages("devtools")
# devtools::install_github("leslie-huang/stylest")
```

See the
<a href="https://leslie-huang.github.io/stylest/articles/stylest-vignette.html">vignette</a>
for examples and usage.

## Authors

<a href="http://leslie-huang.github.io">Leslie Huang (maintainer)</a>

<a href="https://github.com/patperry">Patrick O. Perry</a>

<a href="https://github.com/ArthurSpirling/">Arthur Spirling</a>

## Citation

If you use this software, please cite:

__Huang, L., Perry, P., & Spirling, A. (2020). A General Model of Author “Style” with Application to the UK House of Commons, 1935–2018. Political Analysis, 28(3), 412-434. doi:10.1017/pan.2019.49__

```
@article{huang2020general,
  title={A General Model of Author “Style” with Application to the UK House of Commons, 1935--2018},
  author={Huang, Leslie and Perry, Patrick O and Spirling, Arthur},
  journal={Political Analysis},
  volume={28},
  number={3},
  pages={412--434},
  year={2020},
  publisher={Cambridge University Press}
}
```

## Bug reports

Please submit any bugs, error reports, etc. on
<a href="https://github.com/leslie-huang/stylest/issues">GitHub</a>.
